How difficult is to land an on campus job in ASU? Looking at people around me, it doesn't seem so difficult. I never even got an interview call, though I have applied for almost 100 jobs.
Clint Potts
Instead of looking at the people around you, talk to them. If they already have a job at a place you want to work, talk to them.

I ran Manzanita Hall for two years, and then Sonora Center for two years as the Hall Director of both residence halls. I was constantly hiring desk assistants. These are students who sit at the front desk and answer questions and check ID’s of people trying to enter the hall. We had to staff the desk 24 hours a day.

When I needed to hire another student, I had to post the job with student employment, so the job was listed. But I hired the people that my current staff recommended. I’d ask them if they had any friends who could do the job. I’d reach out to them and tell them about the posting. They’d jump through the hoops to apply and most of the time, they got the job. My apologies to all of the students who just walked in and applied without knowing anybody between 1990 and 1994.

This is how the campus job market works. Talk to the students working the job you want. Have them introduce you to their manager. You’ll have better luck.

Siri Gowtham
Masters in Signal Processing and Communications, Arizona State University (Graduated 2017)
It is not difficult to get Desk/Library assistant jobs in ASU. I personally feel that there are higher chances only after the first semester.
I applied to around 250–300 jobs before I got my first interview for a Desk Assistant. One tip that could be helpful is to use different resumes for different kinds of positions. For example, I would not use the same resume for Desk and Library assistant as they both require different job requirements. This will definitely take up a lot of your time but gets you a job at the end.

Hope this helps!

James Lacey
By on-campus, do you mean work study or similar student employment? First, you need to qualify, then you get your name in the pool. And get things done by the deadlines. There are sometimes more students looking for campus jobs than openings. Rather than the shotgun approach, talk to the student employment office.
