Career fair questions
Hello guys, I am currently a sophomore majoring in CSE (IA) and tomorrow will be my first career fair I will be going to and I have a few questions I would like to ask...

Should I wear casual clothing or slacks and a button up shirt and tie (since I don't have suit)

Should I bring multiple copies of my résumé to give to an employer's stack multiple times? (Just in case they get rid of a certain number and want mine in there)

Should I go to multiple booths or just the ones I am interested in?

How long should I expect to stay at each booth talking to the people there?

Should I get there before it actually starts to try to get to my top booth choices first?

What are some good questions to ask?

If you guys have any other tips about career fairs, please let me know.

RamXIII
8y ago
Computer Science '18
Button shirt and slacks is better than casual.

Multiple resumes, but only give one per employer. Trying to give more than one may give a bad impression. If they got rid of yours, then you didn't make enough of an impact or just got unlucky.

Focus on the ones you're there for, but take extra resumes in case you find something else interesting.

Depends. If you make a good impression,  you could spend several minutes chatting with them. The company I got hired by I spent talking to for 15 minutes at their booth.

Go as soon as it starts. However, something I did was go to booths that weren't my top choices first. I did this as a warm up to get rid of my nervousness and felt more comfortable when I did talk to my top choices.

Ask about what kind of work interns do. What's their company culture? What would you do on a daily basis? Any questions that show you're interested about the job AND their company.

These are just my opinions, but this is what I did when I got my internship and job offer.

Good luck tomorrow! It's better to try even if you think you're not ready.

RickMuffy
8y ago
Aerospace BSE - 2016
I will be there tomorrow looking to hire two interns for Honeywell, not CSE, but we will have people there for that as well.

Don't listen to the guy who is saying if you never had an internship then don't bother. Things I'm personally looking for are relevant skills (GD&T, CAD, machine shop/mechanic abilities), good work ethic (do you hold a full time job or work summers, regardless of the place) and do you have a good attitude.

I don't care about GPA, I want to hire two people who are going to work their ass off and be willing to learn what it takes to be beneficial to my group. A lot of the other interviewers are looking for similar qualities.

[deleted]
8y ago
Cognitive_Miser
8y ago
Not in the CS field but I feel these still apply to anyone and any major:

Don't just ask generic questions like what interns do or what the company culture is like. Everyone asks those and believe me, after you get asked that question the first 3 times it gets old, real quick.

Try to think outside of the norm and ask genuine questions that are of actual interest to you. A good way to break the ice and show your interest across to a potential employer is to ask about their story, how they got to where they are at and tie their responses back in to your experiences and what you want to accomplish. A good follow up question would be to ask if they have any advice or what they would do differently if they were back in your shoes.

After your interactions always ask for a business card or contact information if they do not have one. Within 24-48 hours, send them a thank you note mentioning something of importance from your conversations that would help the recruiter remember who you were. Keep this short and to the point.

Rule of thumb, it's better to dress up than to dress down

Use actual resume paper

AppleGenius115
OP
8y ago
CSE (Cybersecurity) '20
Thanks for that information. I’ll be sure to keep it in mind for tomorrow! Also, I don’t have any résumé paper to print my résumé on. Is there any place on campus that would have it?

Cognitive_Miser
8y ago
The bookstore should have some or CVS if you're closer to Mill.

Good luck!

AppleGenius115
OP
8y ago
CSE (Cybersecurity) '20
Thanks. I just hope I can use a printer somewhere on campus to print on it. Mine is out of ink.
